= Twitter Search Widget

* http://ryanschenk.com/twitter_search_widget

== DESCRIPTION:

The Twitter Search Widget allows you to display the results of a Twitter
search on your website, blog, etc, without writing any JavaScript or HTML.

It is, however, assumed that you will (and want to) style it.

== FEATURES:

* Clean Code
* Semantic HTML Markup
* Allows you to style it however you'd like

== SYNOPSIS:

If you are unfamiliar with CSS, or simply do not want to write any, do not use
this widget. There is another Twitter search widget that you can simply drop
in and use. It is located at http://twitterwidget.jazzychad.com/tw/

Jazzy Chad's widget is fantastic if you need a drop-in, pre-styled solution.
However, it uses inline styles that can be limiting if you need find grained
control over the appearance of elements.

If you are a web designer or developer who needs full control over the styling
of the Twitter feed, then look no further. This widget produces
straightforward, semantic HTML that will make styling a breeze.

== INSTALL:

 Place lib/twitter_search.js into the javascripts folder on your server

== USAGE:

 <script src="/path/to/twitter_search.js" type="text/javascript" ></script>
 <script type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8">
   TwitterSearch.search('--YOUR SEARCH QUERY HERE--');
 </script>

 See examples/example.html for a working example, and a sample stylesheet.

== FUTURE FEATURES:

It would be rad if it could search for new messages via AJAX. Unfortunately, I
haven't been able to find a way around the Single Origin Policy. If any
JavaScript hackers could make a workaround, that'd be sweet.

== LICENSE:

This software is released under the MIT License (see below), which means that
you are free to do anything you want with it.

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 Ryan Schenk

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.